feat: polymorphic parser (#136)
financialforcedev/debug-log-analyzer: CHANGELOG.md

## Added

- Calltree filtering to hide nodes where total duration is less than a given time ([#112][#112])

> - An EXCEPTION_THROWN marker (T) to suppliment the DML_BEGIN (D) and SOQL_EXECUTE_BEGIN (S) markers on parent nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An EXCEPTION_THROWN marker (T) to supplement the DML_BEGIN (D) and SOQL_EXECUTE_BEGIN (S) markers on parent nodes ([#135][#135])
```

- Greatly reduced CPU usage when Timeline is open but no changes are occuring ([#90][#90])
- Improved performance getting log file from an org when using the `Log: Load Apex Log For Analysis` command ([#123][#123])
- More easily differentiate between "Flows" and "Process Builders" in the timeline and call tree ([#114][#114])

> - Counts for T, D & S markers - to show how many of each statement type are decendants of a node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Counts on Calltree for Throw (T), DML (D) & SOQL (S) markers, which shows how many of each statement type are descendants of a node ([#135][#135])
```

### Fixed

- Some detail lines not being shown on calltree ([#130][#130])
- Tooltip not hiding when moving to a part of timeline where the tooltip should not be shown ([#131][#131])

> - The TRUNCATED marker (for methods which were not complete at the end of the log) was not working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The TRUNCATED marker (for methods which were not complete at the end of the log) not being shown ([#135][#135])
```

> - The hide checkboxes were not always un-hiding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The hide checkboxes not always un-hiding ([#135][#135])
```

> - Some (probably benign) NullPointers were fixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some NullPointers ([#135][#135])
```

Reviewer: @sjonwilson Can you also add the link for the issue number at the bottom of the changelog?

`[#135]: https://github.com/financialforcedev/debug-log-analyzer/issues/135`
